[DOCS] fix error in filesystem data source docs (#11019)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/core/connect_to_data/filesystem_data/_create_a_batch_definition/_tab-file_batch_definition.md

   To define a path Batch Definition you need to provide the following information:

   - `name`: A name by which you can reference the Batch Definition in the future.  This should be unique within the Data Asset.

>    - `path`: The path within the Data Asset of the data file containing the records to return. When using a Filesystem Data Source, `path` is relative to Data Source param `base_directory`.

Reviewer: suggestion to use the full word "parameter" for clarity. also adds a missing article

```suggestion
   - `path`: The path within the Data Asset of the data file containing the records to return. When using a Filesystem Data Source, `path` is relative to the Data Source parameter `base_directory`.
```

   <TabItem value="partitioned" label="Partitioned">
   
   GX Core currently supports partitioning File Data Assets based on dates.  The files can be returned by year, month, or day. To define a Batch Definition, you need to provide the following information: 

    - `name`: A name by which you can reference the Batch Definition in the future.  This should be unique within the Data Asset.

>     - `regex`: A regular expression used to match against file names. When using a Filesystem Data Source, `regex` is relative to Data Source param `base_directory`.

Reviewer: suggestion to use the full word "parameter" for clarity. also adds a missing article

```suggestion
    - `regex`: A regular expression used to match against file names. When using a Filesystem Data Source, `regex` is relative to the Data Source parameter `base_directory`.
```
